<<<<<<< HEAD
binaryOperations1 succeeded
binaryOperations2 succeeded
breakAndContinue succeeded
comparisons1 succeeded
comparisons2 succeeded
dereferenceAssignment succeeded
fibonacciRecursive succeeded
floatToIntConversion succeeded
for succeeded
forwardDeclaration succeeded
if succeeded
ifElse succeeded
intToFloatConversion succeeded
modulo succeeded
pointerArgument succeeded
prime succeeded
printf1 succeeded
printf2 succeeded
printf3 succeeded
scanf1 succeeded
scanf2 succeeded
scoping succeeded
unaryOperations succeeded
variables1 succeeded
variables2 succeeded
variables3 succeeded
variables4 succeeded
variables5 succeeded
variables6 succeeded
variables7 succeeded
variables8 succeeded
while succeeded
=======
forwardDeclaration crashed
>>>>>>> 281d3bfca6a520a55468ea54c968e5ff771a260e
